Chris Alliman MD: Right. Hello this is Dr. Element and this is June 2 it's a new mexico intake for patient Vanessa Garcia, date of birth, it's October 31st 1990
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, hello. Vanessa.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, you're muted. I'm going to try and unmute you.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, there we go. Hello, Vanessa. I'm Dr element.
Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: Hello. How are you today.
Vanesa Garcia: I'm doing okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Seems like you had a little trouble getting connected this evening.
Vanesa Garcia: Yeah, well, my phone. My niece was charging my phone and my niece was jumping on the bed.
Vanesa Garcia: Is like to
Vanesa Garcia: Do another app on a different phone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. Well, I'm glad that you were able to
Chris Alliman MD: Bring it together here and get that worked out. So, very good. All right. Well, I understand we're talking about Suboxone this evening. Is that correct, yes. All right. I don't know anything about you. So tell me about the box. So in the mind you wish to be on Suboxone
Vanesa Garcia: Why been
Vanesa Garcia: On and off the heroin. For the last 10 years
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to use heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Today, okay. And when today.
Chris Alliman MD: Like
Vanesa Garcia: A couple hours ago.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you get started on heroin initially
Vanesa Garcia: I don't know.
Chris Alliman MD: Well you got muted there.
Chris Alliman MD: Hold on, hold on.
Chris Alliman MD: I can't hear you. There we go. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Me. Yeah. Now I can hear you.
Vanesa Garcia: Yeah, I've always. Um, why when I started drinking. I just drink to get drunk and then you know so doing coke and I just got out of control. And I got a little bit older, I started smoking heroin and
Vanesa Garcia: Be months later I was banging it and yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: So I got a few other questions here and we'll kind of circle back to this whole discussion. Do you have any allergies to medications.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Do you take any other medications.
Vanesa Garcia: On right now just
Vanesa Garcia: Penicillin
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Any diabetes, high blood pressure,
Chris Alliman MD: I've had it. I'm sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: FC see okay are you working on getting treated
Vanesa Garcia: Once I'm completely clean for a long time. I am
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I think that makes a lot of sense.
Vanesa Garcia: Treated and then you know good again.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha. Hold on. Here, just a second. I think that the reason you went to you got muted is because our group is trying to call you.
Vanesa Garcia: Oh, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm just going to let them know that I've got you because I was asking them to be in touch with you so
Chris Alliman MD: All right, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, thank you for that.
Chris Alliman MD: Good any surgeries at any point, I
Vanesa Garcia: Just my left ankle.
Chris Alliman MD: And when was that
Vanesa Garcia: I don't know, like, six years ago by visible.
Fair enough.
Chris Alliman MD: No other surgeries. Besides that one.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Do you smoke tobacco.
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Vanesa Garcia: Think seven cigarettes a day.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Vanesa Garcia: For like
Vanesa Garcia: Five years
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Has it always been seven. Are you slowly decreasing that
Vanesa Garcia: I'm trying to get off stop smoking.
Chris Alliman MD: How much were you smoking before
Vanesa Garcia: I'd smoke a pack a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Hey down to seven. That's not bad. How are you doing that.
Vanesa Garcia: Man, you know, just and I smoke so much tired.
Chris Alliman MD: Just doing it. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: You had mentioned alcohol previously. Do you still drink alcohol.
Vanesa Garcia: No, I drink when I was a juvenile like when I was a little kid.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Gotcha. In any other drug use, besides the heroin at this point.
Vanesa Garcia: I dabble with methamphetamines
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. When was the last Matthews.
Vanesa Garcia: Last week,
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, right. And is there any family history of substance abuse.
In your family. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you tell me I'm looking for parents or siblings or kids a
Vanesa Garcia: Long my dad's my dad's an addict alcoholic and my brother is an addict. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We see we see that often, that there's a lot in the family.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so why are you wanting to get off heroin.
Vanesa Garcia: I've always been on and off. You know, I recently just got out of jail. So, um, I just wanted to go and stay out of jail and find a job and get my shit together.
Vanesa Garcia: Getting all their
Vanesa Garcia: Time stuff Booker.
Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: You said you've been kind of off and on. In the past, what's helped you stay off or get off of heroin in the past.
Vanesa Garcia: Um, my
Vanesa Garcia: Make
Vanesa Garcia: My maintenance programs and any any helps me a lot.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Do you still do any
Vanesa Garcia: Um, I haven't been, but now I'm going to start thinking back up and find a sponsor. And so working the steps again.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I think that makes a lot of sense.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been through rehab before
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. When was the last time for rehab.
Vanesa Garcia: The two years ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. What did you find helpful in rehab.
Vanesa Garcia: I mean every rehab. There was a
Vanesa Garcia: I learned something different from a rehab, you know,
Vanesa Garcia: Yes. Oh.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been on Suboxone in the past.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay. When was the last time you were on Suboxone
Vanesa Garcia: An actual maintenance program.
Chris Alliman MD: I sure when was the last maintenance program.
Chris Alliman MD: And then we'll time, we were just on it last.
Vanesa Garcia: Yeah, like two years ago.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And when was the last time to actually just takes a box them.
Vanesa Garcia: Huh. Um, I take a care and they're like, you know, like
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, what
Vanesa Garcia: About like a month ago. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care doctor
Vanesa Garcia: Yes, my name is Heather.
Vanesa Garcia: On even know what her last name is she's a she just my my doctor retired. So she's doing taking over with practice. But it's full circle healing.
Chris Alliman MD: physical healing. Okay. Yeah, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. And what is your marital status.
Chris Alliman MD: No single okay any kid, you mentioned your daughter.
Vanesa Garcia: Now is my nice
Chris Alliman MD: Nice. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How old is your niece.
Vanesa Garcia: She seven
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, are there other kids that are around
Vanesa Garcia: No, just
Chris Alliman MD: The reason I ask is because Suboxone the residue that gets on your fingers from the film The residue around the mouth or in the mouth. The residue that's in the foil the packet is enough, it killed kids if they lick it.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay, yeah, no, she she knows not to mess with my stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: But I'm glad to hear that. Just make sure you keep things out of reach.
Vanesa Garcia: Them out either
Chris Alliman MD: But, and we always send in a prescription for Narcan the nasal spray in case. God forbid there happens to be an overdose.
Chris Alliman MD: So we work on that. Also,
Chris Alliman MD: I'm good. And what's your living situation.
Vanesa Garcia: I live with my mom and my dad and my niece.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. And are you mentioned you just recently got out of jail, is that right
Chris Alliman MD: So are you on probation or parole.
Chris Alliman MD: And probation probation. How long does that go
Vanesa Garcia: For years, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Are you doing any counseling currently
Chris Alliman MD: No ever done counseling in the past.
Vanesa Garcia: Well, yeah, good.
Chris Alliman MD: What do you think of it.
Vanesa Garcia: Itself.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason I ask is because it's part of the requirements of our programs. So we're going to get you connected with that.
Vanesa Garcia: That's fine. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Are your parents aware of what's going on for you.
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Are they supportive of what you're doing.
Vanesa Garcia: Yeah, good course they will. I mean, the good
Chris Alliman MD: Is it going to be difficult. You'd mentioned that your father's an addict, also, is that going to be difficult.
Vanesa Garcia: On this is my step dad. My biological dad.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. Thank you for clarifying that.
Vanesa Garcia: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I've got a bunch of other questions to ask you. So we'll just keep working through it.
Chris Alliman MD: These next set of questions are
Chris Alliman MD: Kind of yes or no questions, just trying to figure out how severe the heroin use is
Chris Alliman MD: Understand the questions I can certainly repeat them or rephrase them if you need. Okay.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: So if you take in heroin and larger amounts or over a longer period of time. Then, and then intended
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Has there been a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the heroin use
Chris Alliman MD: With a great deal of time spent in activities, trying to get the heroin use the heroin or recover from the heroines effects.
Chris Alliman MD: Course, have you had cravings.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Has heroin use resulted in failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you continued to use despite the causing social relationship problems.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had to give up or reduce important social, occupational or recreational activities because of heroin and
Vanesa Garcia: Where you
Chris Alliman MD: Have you continue to use heroin in situations that are hazardous like driving
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you continue to use despite knowing it can cause physical or psychological problems.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: We had talked a bit about some physical diagnosis, like the hepatitis C, but to infection.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have any behavioral health or mental diagnoses like
Depression.
Vanesa Garcia: And anxiety PTSD.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And are you taking anything for those
Vanesa Garcia: non-blacks again my medical card.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And any pregnancy concerns. No. Okay. Have you had any pregnancies at any point
Vanesa Garcia: When I was when I was a teenager.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The reason I ask is because Suboxone can sometimes cause birth defects, with the know if
Chris Alliman MD: You just if something happens, we want to switch you off of that.
Chris Alliman MD: You know, it absolutely good. Alright, so I'm going to run through another list of symptoms basically working head to toe.
Chris Alliman MD: Again, just yes or no questions. We're thinking over just the last two weeks if you've had any of these. Okay, so in the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers, no any chills. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Any cold intolerance.
Chris Alliman MD: But even like it just feels like it's I guess it's been hot so it may not apply too much but or do you just feel really cold all the time.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Any night sweats.
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: In the last two weeks. Have you had any vision changes. No.
Chris Alliman MD: And hearing changes, no bloody noses no nasal congestion.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, with sores know neck pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No last two weeks, if you had a cough know shortness of breath.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, just pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No swelling in the ankles.
Vanesa Garcia: And yes,
Chris Alliman MD: Any abdominal pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Nausea
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: Diarrhea
Chris Alliman MD: Constipation
Chris Alliman MD: No pain with urination, no blood in the urine no skin changes, no hair changes. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains don't back pains. No.
Chris Alliman MD: difficulty walking
Chris Alliman MD: No headaches. No, dizziness, no weakness.
Chris Alliman MD: No mood changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Depression, no anxiety, no sleep problems. No lusa nations know suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: No hopelessness.
Chris Alliman MD: No or worthlessness no
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now we get to the fun part of this where we do the vital signs and then also the physical exam, which is obviously a little bit more difficult to do during through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: But you have been breathing normally. So I'm going to put down a normal respiration rate of 80
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you live.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how much do you weigh
Vanesa Garcia: 165
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Vanesa Garcia: So,
Vanesa Garcia: Let me
Vanesa Garcia: Check it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so I'm going to do a timer for six seconds. Okay, I'll tell you start and stop. You just count the number of poses during that time and tell me what it is at the end.
Chris Alliman MD: And tell me when you have your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Ready.
Vanesa Garcia: Set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop.
Vanesa Garcia: At
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so we take that times 10 and that gives us a post live at all right so then on camera. I just need you to push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: And let me know if there's any pain as you push on your stomach.
Vanesa Garcia: Can I have many ways to set you
Vanesa Garcia: Will see my Sonic.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, I can see a very good
Chris Alliman MD: Good and then working your way down.
Chris Alliman MD: Good any pain as you do that.
Chris Alliman MD: No good. All right, so that's about the extent of what we can do for the physical exam.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so we need to work at getting medication sent in for you.
Chris Alliman MD: We have to talk a little bit about how to do this since there's been recent heroin use if we get started to quickly I can send you that the Suboxone will kick into major withdrawals and we don't want to do that to you.
Vanesa Garcia: Yeah, I understand. I figured they did a couple. I mean by tomorrow. I know how to take Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Me.
Chris Alliman MD: I know good
Vanesa Garcia: No, I'm not going to force just drift off the bat, I, I've done this plenty of times
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so I've got a pharmacy listed as a Walmart for you.
Vanesa Garcia: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right on where I drive
Vanesa Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. So the way we do this, and I know you understand how you've done it in the past, but generally what I tell and I'm going to email these instructions to you and I've got your email addresses sleepy.
Chris Alliman MD: A n g at GMAIL. COM. Yes.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send a prescription for Suboxone in for you.
Chris Alliman MD: To get going. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll email the instructions. But the way I generally tell people to do it is wait till you're in moderate withdrawals right you know about this and then you start by taking one film.
Chris Alliman MD: Two to four hours later, you can take a half a film and two to four hours later, you can take another half of film, if you need to. Okay, that's day one.
Chris Alliman MD: Day two, you take your total from day one. So if you took two films on day one, then you start with two films on day two.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then again you can take another half of film two to four hours later and another half of film two to four hours after that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Day three, you take your total from day to but there's no extra half films. It's just that total from day to
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and then day for you get two films for the day.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. At that point, then I send in a second prescription for two films a day.
Chris Alliman MD: And we check and we check in on whatever day you decide your group is going to be
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so there with our program where we require two meetings a week. One is a group meeting with me a therapist and other patients that are on Suboxone you medication refills as part of that. If you miss your appointment, it gets kind of hard to get the medication.
Chris Alliman MD: And then the second appointment is for the therapy session, the individual therapy session with a therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: And all of this happens on zoom
Vanesa Garcia: Just like it is today.
Chris Alliman MD: You need to call in to the virtual clinic at least half an hour before those appointments, because it takes a while to check in, just like go into the doctor's office. There's always a line and there's always paperwork.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Okay, good. Um, are there days during the week when you are free, or what basically I'm asking what your schedule is so we can figure out what group would work for you.
Vanesa Garcia: Whenever I'm what time is a group that
Chris Alliman MD: So they're at different times. Usually there during the day, there are some evening ones also
Chris Alliman MD: Right now I've got some good openings on the Monday 9am and the Monday 12 noon group.
Chris Alliman MD: I also have openings on Friday at 10am and Friday at 12 noon.
Vanesa Garcia: Is to Monday on
Chris Alliman MD: Monday at 12 noon. Yeah. All right. Very good. So the therapist that works with that group. Her name is Serena.
Chris Alliman MD: OK, so I'm going to send messages in to help get you connected with her so that we can make sure that that's happening for you. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now Monday's an entire week away right so it can be very easy to forget that you're going to have a group that day. So I would recommend putting reminders in your phone.
Chris Alliman MD: Put it on the calendar for every week so that you remember it. Because if you don't make it, it's going to be really hard to get the medications. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, good. So I'm going to get some things taken care of some rules for group that we have. And you've been doing really well as just sitting quietly No hat good lighting paying close attention not wandering around.
Chris Alliman MD: All and of course no using of substances during group time. You don't want that.
Chris Alliman MD: To happen. Good. All right. Vanessa. What questions do you have for me.
Vanesa Garcia: I really don't happen at this point. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. I'm going to get working on your stuff and I'm going to get the Suboxone sent in this evening for you. Okay.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay, and I'll be ready tomorrow.
Chris Alliman MD: Should be ready for you tomorrow. I would expect.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right.
Vanesa Garcia: How many films. I'm going to get. I'll be good until Monday we have our next meeting.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, so the way it'll work is the script is going to go in for four days like we talked about getting started and then I've got a reminder in my phone to send in a second prescription for twice a day films to get you back through our Monday when we'll talk again at that point.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So it will be all taken care of for you. I've done this a bunch. So I gotta get it taken care of. Okay. All right. Very good. Vanessa. It's a pleasure meeting you. And I look forward to seeing you on Monday. Okay.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay, thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: So much Monday at 12 check in by 1130 preferably even earlier, if you can, you can check in up to six hours before the group time if you need to.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay, and then do I put your idea and the one that I went directly to or do I put into one that I have
Chris Alliman MD: No. So you use. First of all, you use the one that you have that sent you over to the virtual clinic and they'll, they'll get all your second done and then when I give them the new round number for zoom room. I usually do that about half an hour ahead of time, they'll email it to you.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The zoom room changes the number changes every meeting because we need to make sure people get their paperwork done and check in through the virtual clinic.
Vanesa Garcia: Okay, yeah. All right, well then, I will see you on Monday.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. Vanessa Thank you very much. Good to talk to you today. Good.
Vanesa Garcia: Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so you should have the history on this patient.
Chris Alliman MD: Say compression patient with substance abuse PTSD anxiety and depression symptoms patient's level of stress is moderate to severe
Chris Alliman MD: With economic and relationship problems relationship stressors are severe patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations patient appears country I'm exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient reports a history of psychiatric treatment know hospitalizations should have the review of systems physical exam and vitals assessment and plan.
Chris Alliman MD: Number. Number one is severe opioid use disorder will use the induction plan patient is in start induction with Suboxone as listed
Chris Alliman MD: PMT reviewed and
Chris Alliman MD: No, there is nothing in the last year.
Chris Alliman MD: Dark and will be sent in patient to establish with the Monday 12 noon group Serena is the therapist and we'll do her bio psychosocial
Chris Alliman MD: Rules of group were reviewed.
Chris Alliman MD: Number. Next is tobacco abuse patient is actively working on quitting is down from one pack to seven cigarettes a day she continues to work hard at that without medication number. Next is
Chris Alliman MD: Is stimulant use encourage patient to to DC. The stimulants and this will be worked on in both group and through her individual therapy sessions right indication on this patient. Thank you.